the global economic collapse is on but
in this Topsy Turvy world now instead of
the stock market and assets declining
they are rising
simultaneously poverty homelessness and
social assistance programs continue to
expand you came here for the truth today
I want to look at the UK with food
inflation I want to show you a whole
bunch of charts and I want to cover way
too much info as always you can see that
my videos have started to expand like
the debt has and become a little longer
than they were in the past and many
people have requested that they not be
so long so I'm going to try to be not
necessarily cut anything out but I try
to be more concise so anyway want to
hear what you have to say about that
let's begin right here with this
SnapChat I've been covering it since the
IPO and what we have here is a decline
and the reason I'm showing you this is
because this is a perfect example of
when individuals who are not
sophisticated investors are getting into
investing in fact one of the primary
investors in Snapchat are millennials
and these individuals aren't aware of
the ins and outs of the stock market
they use the app and they simply
purchased shares of the company using an
app which is interesting but anyway in
the short term I see this to be a pump
and dump perhaps in the long term you
know we won't have that to be the case
but at least in the short term that's
what's happening and all that I see is
the general mistake from people is that
they get into something without knowing
what it is just trying to make a
buck food inflation doubles in a month
as UK Shoppers start to feel the pinch
so what do we have here we got a stick
of butter that's right but if you want
it you got to pay
15% more fish is up 8% and tea is up
6% and this year hurts people's
pocketbooks I mean this is the ultimate
if you want to hurt a country if you
want to hurt the citizens you have to
destroy the food supply you have to make
it more expensive you have to do
something the food is where people freak
out very rapidly and this you'll see
that it's happening right now as I've
mentioned many times before in karacas
in Venezuela people are struggling so
bad right now it is so hurtful to
see and I understand that you compare
the UK to Venezuela it's not really a
fair judgment but things happened very
very quickly the inflation rates in
Venezuela went from being you
know let's say moderately bad to extreme
in a short period of time and then you
look at all throughout history
hyperinflations happen very fast and
that's why you look back and people
would say well why didn't they do this
or why didn't they do do that because it
happened so fast they couldn't even
react all right moving on quickly
household net worth you can see it
increasing and increasing so
dramatically over the years What's
Happening Here Financial accounts of the
United States in billions of dollars so
you see that people I mean
nominally they are doing well and it's
not just the US I mean look at Canada
for example more and more wealth being
accumulated but is it actual wealth or
people doing better than they were
before I would have to
disagree moving on increasingly
inefficient asset bubble something that
I've covered hundreds of times before
ratio of household net worth to nominal
final sales to domestic purchases and
then this paragraph is important each
bubble becomes increasingly inefficient
requiring more and more quote effort
just to stand still and less room to
gain even artificial growth and that's
what we saw during the financial crisis
in particular when you see this crash
coming down big time and then it becomes
you know rather stagnant on the way back
up it doesn't show really show you that
in this chart but all of the growth has
been very stagnant and it takes a longer
period of time to grow again the crashes
are getting deeper the Rises are getting
more dramatic and this is something
that's very frightening because the
stock market took a heavy hit during the
financial crisis so imagine what the
crash will look like the next time
around the loans are expanding I just
want to show you that all um you can see
the bank banking sector and non-bank
sector basically I just wanted to show
you that more people taking out more
money from the banks
ultimately flow of funds the total
credit same situation here and then you
have this they're basically suggesting
you should be long
robots and short humans and that is the
US manufacturing jobs declining and the
global industrial robots Rising it's
just a fact that's what's happening
these days all right now this is what
pisses me off this is something that I
I'm just going to bring out I'm just
going to say it I'm going to speak my
mind this individual two individuals
here
actually when on a trip to Canada they
were stopped by the border
patrol one of the office officers calls
me out and says hey give me your
phone and he says no I have already gone
through this and the officer asked a
second time within seconds he was
arounded one man held his legs another
squeezed his throat from behind a third
reached into his pocket pulling out his
phone and they choked the hell out of
him they did that to his girlfriend as
well
so do they have a right to do
so what do you think you think they can
just grab your pocket pull out the phone
demand the
password you think they can just choke
you you think they could to do whatever
the hell they want to
you you have Liberty but not because the
government granted it to
you
you have Liberty because you're a human
being you were given that by the
Creator and you deserve every piece of
freedom and nobody can take that
away when we
acques to the madness they will
definitely
assuredly stomp on our skulls every
chance they get and people always
comment you know you get those few every
once in a
while telling me I'm a fearmonger and
all this stuff and I know that you know
90% of the people on your were on the
same
page but when I see those sort of 10%
people those are the people that you run
into on the streets you know most of us
were like-minded we all agree with this
and everything else but then you see
those other 10% of the people who don't
realize because they probably got a lot
invested in the stock markets and
everything else and they don't know they
don't have that sophistication and they
hate reading this type of information
but you have to understand what's coming
the bigger picture it's not about the
stock market it's not about Bond and
treasuries it's about the bigger picture
and they hate you and
I got to get it through your
head and this here just more
interconnected here Italy vows to uphold
Free Speech after clashes which I find
very interesting but the only reason I'm
mentioning this here is that there is
going to be war on the streets there are
going to be clashes they going to be
chaos and civil unrest and whether it
happens for food prices rising or
whether it happens because of a civil
war going on or anything else but a lot
of people are going to be hurt by this
and ultimately there's going to be a
disruption you know if you're working
and that was your building right there
and you had to get to work or that was
your home what are you going to
do I mean this is the type of thing that
we're running into these days and people
still aren't waking up when major cities
have their streets being burned and
people still aren't waking up I mean I
don't know what else it's going to have
to
take if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my book The Money
GPS even more informative look you can
actually flip through the pages go over
to Amazon they have this thing called a
look inside feature and that will allow
you to flip through the pages of the
book and see if you like it take care